Money, do you think I'm dirty?
I don't mean money.
Am I beautiful?
See sister, you've lost.
She is the famous beauty of the company.
So do you like me?
Today, I'm your birthday present. You can dismantle it however you want.
Waiting for today.
I'll transfer the shares to you.
Makes you so angry that the two of them escape
Great.
Listen to me.
Actually, I've wanted to ask you for a long time.
What happened to Liao Dazhuang and Zhang Liang?
With your tone, you've hated both of them for a long time.
I don't want to hide it from you.
Liao Dazhuang didn't know how to convince my parents.
His real goal is to have a 10 percent stake in me.
Zhang Liang also mentioned me.
I hope I transfer my stake to him.
Yeah, the three of you split 90 percent of the stock.
It's 10 percent in my hands, no matter who gets it.
Who can control everything in the company?
The initial income of the project is several hundred million.
The latter benefit is even more enviable.
So the killer who killed you today
It could be your competitor.
It could also be your partner.
Shen Lang, where are you taking the couple?
If you don't come back...
I love all the beautiful girls in this room.
All of you.